app/vlinsert: add OpenTelemetry ingested logs trace_id and span_id (#8261)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/VictoriaLogs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [`block_stats` pipe](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#block_stats-pipe): return the path to the part where every data block is stored. The path to the part is returned in the `part_path` field. This allows investigating the distribution of data blocks among parts.
* FEATURE: reduce VictoriaLogs startup time by multiple times when it opens a large datastore with big [retention](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/#retention).
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): add the `_msg` field to the list of fields for the group view, allowing users to select multiple fields, including `_msg`, for log display.

> * FEATURE: [OpenTelemetry data ingestion](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/opentelemetry/): add `span_id` and `trace_id` logs fields. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8255) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [OpenTelemetry data ingestion](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/opentelemetry/): support parsing of [span_id](https://github.com/open-telemetry/oteps/blob/main/text/logs/0097-log-data-model.md#field-spanid) and [trace_id](https://github.com/open-telemetry/oteps/blob/main/text/logs/0097-log-data-model.md#field-traceid) log fields. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8255) for details.
```
